samuelaugustwilliams@gmail.com, linziannelloyd@gmail.com, johnny@johnnyacurso.com, mrpeter@comcast.net, talcaspi@gmail.com, che.smi@gmail.com, jasonedwarddavis@gmail.com, erikana89@gmail.com, kstar9058@yahoo.com, matthewfreeburn@gmail.com, erin.dejesus@gmail.com, hilljacquard@gmail.com, charley.mcgowan@gmail.com, sarah_beth1978@hotmail.com, rossitto92@yahoo.com, iandseniff@gmail.com, enations@gmail.com

Dungeons & Debauchery party this Saturday


Hear ye, hear ye!

Ye are hereby Invited to attend a Festivity for the purposes of Dungeons and Debauchery, which will Commence to Transpire the first Saturday of September in the Seventh Hour Post Meridian, at the abode of Duke Jason Edward Davis, Duchess Anthony Hudson, and Lady Katie Lay, at 924 SW 16th Avenue, Apartment Number Three hundred and Two, in the hamlet of Portland in the Land of Oregon, in the United States of America.

Also note that, though it is a Morose and Inevitable Fact that we each of us Ages every minute of our Waking Lives, one Richard Mavis the Dungsweeper will be commemorating his Passage into another Year of life.

Ye may ask Yeself: But howfore should I Garb Meself for a Festivity for the Purposes of Dungeons and Debauchery? And ye will realize the Answer to your Query: as ye wish.

Yet ye may ask Yeself: But whatfore should I Bring with Meself to a Festivity for the Purposes of Dungeons and Debauchery? And ye will recognize the Answer to your Query: liquids that are Delightful to the Tongue and Intoxicating to The Mind.

And yet ye may ask Yeself: But will there be Sacrifices of Goat and Lamb and Snake and Virgin and the divers other Rituals ye may have heard are dear to the Pagan? And ye will know with undeniable certainty the Answer to your Query: Yes.

Should there remain further Questions unanswered in yeself, ye may Reply to the Sender of this electronical message.

We hope ye will Join us for the aforementioned Festivity. We encourage Ye to extend this Invitation to Loved Ones or sundry Acquaintances as your preference dictates.

Our Hearts sing in Anticipation.